config/graphical-session/wayland: update web browsers (#879)
void-linux/void-docs: src/config/graphical-session/wayland.md

#### Web browsers

Since version 121 and 140, respectively, Mozilla Firefox and Google Chromium

> default to their Wayland backends. Browsers based on GTK+ or Qt (e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mozilla Firefox and Google Chromium support Wayland by default. Browsers based on GTK+ or Qt (e.g.
```
